Updated Readme (#31)
rchikatw/odf-managed-service-migration: README.md

---
## Steps to migrate provider
- Clone the github repository
- Run script using ./migrate.sh -provider <oldClusterID> <newClusterID> -d [env for consumer addon [-dev]/[-qe]], When you have dev addon installed ex: 
```
 ./migrate.sh -provider <oldClusterID> <newClusterID> -d -dev
```
- If you dont pass env for addon the script will consider as prod addon.

> - MTSRE will use ocm-backplane and hence they don't need to pass -d option. Like 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If we have access to ocm-backplane, we do not require the -d option, we can run the script as: 
```

Author: Done

```
    ./migrate.sh -provider <oldClusterID> <newClusterID>
```

> - After the provider migration completed, The script will print the commands to run for each consumer, Run them one by one or in separate terminals to speed up the migration. Like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After the provider migration completed, The script will print the commands to run for each consumer.
- Run them one after the other or in separate terminals to speed up the migration. The template for consumer migration command would be:
```

Author: Done
